---

title: Overview
description: Power BI Desktop continues to delight customers month over month with new releases loaded with new capabilities.
author: MargoC
manager: AnnBe
ms.date: 5/14/2018
ms.assetid: 518b50fd-a604-4b68-bc07-240d24089b9a
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: 
ms.service: business-applications
ms.technology: 
ms.author: margoc
audience: Admin

---
#  Overview


[!include[banner](../../../includes/banner.md)]

Power BI Desktop continues to delight customers month over month with new
releases loaded with new capabilities. A strong focus on the fundamentals has
unlocked new scenarios for large enterprises – including more accessible
reporting and a continued investment in improving SAP connectivity.



New Power BI capabilities in Power BI Desktop focus on driving end user
satisfaction. This includes new ways for report consumers to tweak visuals to
answer a specific question about their data, even if they don’t have edit access
to the report, support for a pivot-table like expand / collapse on the matrix
visual and continued improvements to Q&A usability in Power BI.

For authors of Power BI content, the Desktop product has added broad
capabilities to improve their experience and authoring power. Composite models
allow mash-ups across Direct Query and import data sources, allowing authors to
augment data sources with additional insights. New navigation options, bookmark
grouping, filters in the data view and expression-based formatting give authors
the tools they need to create rich Power BI content with ease.

Power BI Desktop continues to leverage AI and natural language to make authors’
lives easier, bringing even more intelligence and insight into Power BI reports.
By leveraging new telemetry from Power BI, ISVs can learn how Q&A is being used
in their Power BI Apps and use this data to improve their Q&A results. In
addition, authors now have more control over Quick Insights, specifying which
categories should be surfaced in the results for specific measures. These new
capabilities allow the report author to ensure their users get the best results
when working with Q&A and Quick Insights, by leveraging both AI and the specific
domain knowledge only the author can bring.
